Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V!"
(Yuri)
Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem
will crush your Chimera
and the rest
of your life points!
Ahh...
(grunting)
Game over, Sora.
(Yugo)
Don't even think about it!
(laughing)
You're too late.
Zuzu's already under
my control.
(Yuya)
You leave Zuzu alone!
Huh?
I Xyz Summon
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon!
This is bad!
(Yuto/Yuya)
Go, Infernal Fury Strike!
(screaming)
(Yuya)
Celina! Lulu! Wait!
(Shay)
Stop them, Yuya.
(Yuya)
Hold up!
Ah, Yuya Sakaki.
We finally meet in person.
Zuzu!
Huh?
(laughing)
I'm pleased to report that
Yuya Sakaki is safely
in custody.
(Leo)
At long last, Yusho.
My dad?!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Sora, I can take it from here.
Whoa, Sora?
You're on our side?
So, uh, you okay?
You've looked better.
Thanks, but I'll be all right,
just needed a rest.
Well, well, well, if it isn't
the three losers,
Sora, Aster and...
Oh, wait a sec, have we met?
I'm so bad at
remembering the names
of those who are way below me.
Enough with the yappin'
ya creep.
Why don't you go ahead
and zip your lip
before I go and zip it for you!
Uh, it's not my fault
you're not worthy of me
remembering who you are.
Mind if we hash this out
after I'm through with Sora?
Forget it!
You and I are gonna
settle this right now!
What about rescuing Rin?
We have to track down the guy
who's controlling her.
Then get tracking.
Me!?
As long as this creep
is creeping around
Duel Academy's halls,
none of us will ever be safe!
Now get moving!
I'm counting on you!
All right,
but be careful, Yugo!
Since you're so gung ho
to make a fool of yourself...
I'll be delighted to duel you.
I've had a few victories today,
but for some reason
it's not enough.
Maybe because
I won using an Honor Deck.
Think I'll
change things up again
and go back to using my trusty
old Predaplant deck.
I'm sure you don't have
any objections,
or is it a no‐go?
My name is Yugo,
got it!?
Now let's get duelin'!?
My dad!
♪♪♪
It's been a long time,
hasn't it, Leo?
A long time?
Does my dad actually
know this guy!?
Leo... Akaba...
Huh?
You're fine, Riley.
Riley?
Leo, how could you do this?
The Leo I know
would never harm others.
Then maybe you never
knew me at all.
But if you're going to
keep this up, my friend,
I'll have no choice
but to stop you here and now.
Careful!
My dear Leo...
How could the creator
of the ARC system,
who brought smiles
to so many faces
now want to go and hurt people?
Your technology
unleashed a revolution.
It made Action Dueling possible.
Not to mention
my dueltaining career!
Yes, the day that we met
would change my life forever.
(growling)
This is absolutely incredible.
I can actually
touch this monster.
That's right!
Yusho, this is going to
take dueling
to an entirely new level.
(Yusho)
It feels like yesterday
that you and I teamed up
to bring the ARC
system to perfection.
Your system grew so advanced
that it inspired me
to add a dash of raz
and sprinkle of mataz
to create
a new style of dueling.
Leo, it's no exaggeration to say
that every action duelist
and dueltainer competing today
owes their career to you and
your remarkable achievements.
I am grateful to have met you,
and I always will be.
So, my Dad and Leo Akaba
used to be friends?
But... I'm baffled, Leo.
How does a genius like you,
a genius who invented
ARC technology,
not see how futile it is
to try to achieve peace
by hurting other people.
I am no genius, Yusho.
In fact, I am not
the one responsible
for inventing
ARC technology either.
But that's impossible.
I saw you working on the ARC
prototype with my very eyes.
No, you are mistaken
because it was originally
invented in a world...
that no longer exists.
A world that no longer exists?
(gasping)
How can a world
no longer exist?
Allow me to explain, Yusho.
Haven't you ever wondered why
each of the four dimensions
has a different
summoning method?
It's because all four dimensions
used to exist as one‐‐
before they were separated.
(Leo)
In this world,
hologram technology
already existed...
but it was still
in an early stage.
So stale, so lo‐res...
so stiff, so fake.
But I saw potential.
If I could improve
that technology
to make them more lifelike,
you'd never be able to tell
what's real from a hologram.
It would revolutionize
the world.
And more importantly,
I would be famous.
But how could
I make a huge splash?
And then it hit me.
With the hottest game
in the land, Duel Monsters.
Instead of their current
static lo‐rez monsters,
they would be living,
breathing monsters.
Imagine feeling
the sling of the sword,
the heat of the dragon's flames.
Ideas were bubbling
uncontrollably.
So I threw myself
into my work...
and I succeeded.
At first
I couldn't believe my eyes.
The duel monsters generated by
my ARC system
seemed completely real,
down to the smallest of details.
While the system was engaged,
it was impossible
to tell them apart
from living,
real‐world creatures.
It was greater than
I ever could have imagined.
During my research,
I made a surprising discovery.
The monsters generated by
my ARC system produced faint,
but detectable vital signs.
They clearly reacted to
outside stimuli,
but I couldn't explain why.
The thought occurred to me
that perhaps these monsters
were more than zeros and ones,
but I cast the thought aside
as a silly lapse in judgment.
When my ARC system finally
made its public debut,
it caused a sensation.
(roaring)
(crowd cheering)
Crowds went wild
with excitement,
and I was celebrated
as a genius.
Experts proclaimed
that my ARC system
was the greatest
breakthrough of the century.
But, no one could foresee
that my invention
would lead to disaster.
Disaster?
Unknowingly, I had unleashed
a force I couldn't control.
And the trouble
all began with him.
He didn't stick out
from the others at first.
There was nothing great
about him,
but that would change.
Soon he began to pile up
victory after victory.
This duelist
claimed he was unbeatable
because he could hear his
monsters speaking to him.
And it seemed to be true.
His fighting was more exciting
and fierce than anyone else.
Until one day...
Ahh!
(Emcee)
Pahow!He hit him
with his own monster!
Ooh.
(laughs)
Yeah!
(cheering)
(Leo)
The crowd ate it up.
They demanded more action.
More KO's,
more brutality.
More, more, more!
And he was more
than happy to oblige.
Ahh!
(screaming)
(Leo)
In fact, he took great joy
in crushing his opponents
in even more brutal,
spectacular ways!
And the more brutal
the takedown,
the more the crowd cheered,
He became the most popular
duelist the world had ever seen.
Everyone on the planet
knew his name.
Z‐ARC!
(both)
What's a Z‐ARC?!
(Leo)
To please his fans,
Z‐ARC kept upping the stakes!
Always pushing the boundaries,
more and more,
by learning new
summoning methods
to summon
even more brutal monsters.
Fusion, Synchro, Xyz.
He learned
and mastered them all
and soon he became unstoppable.
Let's duel!
(Yugo)
I'm up first!
Since I have no cards
on my field,
I can activate
the spell card Speedraw!
This spell gets me
off to a quick start
by letting me draw
two cards.
But then I have to discard
one Speedroid to the graveyard.
Next, I'll summon
Speedroid Double Yoyo
and use its special ability to
summon Speedroid Tri‐Eyed Dice!
Here I go!
Level 3 Tri‐Eyed Dice
tunes Level 4
Double Yoyo.
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Huh?
I play three cards facedown
and end my turn.
That Dragon was spectacular.
So shimmery
and dazzling.
The moment it appeared,
I felt the urge
to eviscerate it
with a Dragon of my own.
And that's exactly what I'll do!
I draw!
Look at what I have here:
the spell card
Polymerization.
And now,
I'm activating it to fuse
Predaplant Flytrap with
Predaplant Moray Bepenthes!
Your Synchro Dragon
may look impressive,
but I'm afraid
it's no match
for the toxic predator
I'm calling to the field!
I Fusion Summon!
The vicious, voracious,
and venomous...
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
Whoa!
No!
Riley, what's wrong?
Declan...
it's something bad.
(panicked grunting)
(Declan)
Riley has always been able
to sense things
others could not.
What is it that has
Riley so spooked?
(grunting)
(laughing)
(roaring)
(screaming)
(panting)
What's going on?
(Kite)
Shay...
Hey, Shay,
can you hear me!?
Come on, pal,
you gotta wake up.
(grunting)
Someone named The Doctor
is controlling Lulu's mind.
I've been trying
to hunt him down but no luck.
Listen up, guys,
I got good news.
I found out where the guy
who's been scrambling
everyone's brains
is hiding out.
Good, lead the way.
Lulu's still in bad shape.
You mean she's
still brainwashed?
I thought Shay had
fixed her all up.
I failed, but I had Yuya
chase after her and Celina.
He's gonna need your help.
Yuya?
Let's go.
Quickly, there's not much time.
(whimpering)
(grunting)
(Leo)
Yes, Z‐ARC was
truly unstoppable.
By mastering
all the summoning methods,
he defeated every opponent
until he stood alone
at the pinnacle
of the dueling world.
There was no one left
for him to duel.
No one left to challenge.
But he still was not satisfied.
Who wants to battle!?
There must be somebody
willing to challenge me!
Or are you all too
frightened to lose?!
Come on, challenge me!
Someone step up
and challenge me!
We want some more
smashin' and bashin'!
Yeah, come on!
Somebody duel him already!
We wanna see more!
More action!
More KO's!
(crowd chanting)
More! More! More!
Yes! Yes! Duel me!
Challenge me!
Let me crush you!
If no one will challenge me,
then I will challenge you!
I challenge the whole world!
I will destroy you all!
Yes, yes,
My four dragons
thirst for a fight!
(roaring throughout)
(crowd screaming)
(roaring continues)
(Leo)
The crowd wanted
the brutalist duels.
So, Z‐ARC gave it to them
in the worst way imaginable.
Z‐ARC and his dragons were both
one in mind and spirit.
So as Z‐ARC unleashed his fury
on the world,
so did his dragons.
(screaming)
How can this be?
I can feel fury,
not just from Z‐ARC,
but also from the dragons.
Huh?
(Leo)
And that's when I realized
that with my ARC technology,
I didn't create mere holograms.
I created
real‐life monsters!
These dragons with their
own desires and emotions.
And they desired
to destroy us all.
We did our best to stop them,
but no army, no weaponry,
could stand up to them.
I could only blame myself.
What had I done?
What had I created?
The unbelievable devastation...
but it was only
the beginning.
(roaring)
(roaring throughout)
Yes, I agree.
We do need a bigger challenge!
Let us become one
and challenge
the whole universe!
Now, let us...
merge!
Yuya!
Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Astrograph Sorcerer,
master of time and space...
(Z‐ARC)
I call on you to use
your mystical powers
to reshape us
into a single unstoppable force!
It's time to...
(Yuto)
Reunite.
Yuya...
It's like
he's possessed
or something, Kite.
(roaring)
Reunite!
(all)
Reunite as one!
(laughing)
Finally time... to reunite.
Reunite...
Resurrect...
It's like...
what happened before!
Reunite...
(Yuya/Yuto)
Reunite... Reunite!
As one!
This is getting freaky!
It's time...
to become one!
(loud explosion)
(roaring throughout)
(energy crackling)
Oh, no... stop!
(growling)
The four dragons and Z‐ARC
have combined and formed as one.
(maniacal laughter)
Kneel before Z‐ARC!
Kneel before your master!
(maniacal laughter)
He became all‐powerful.
(Leo)
Exactly.
By combining
the most powerful dragons
of each summoning method,
Standard, Fusion,
Synchro, and Xyz,
Z‐ARC was no longer mortal.
He transcended
both human and monster.
He became Supreme King Z‐ARC!
Ahh!
(whimpering)
(maniacal laughter)
What's wrong, humans?
I thought you wanted
a more brutal duel!
(maniacal laughter)
(Leo)
The days that followed were an
endless nightmare of suffering.
Supreme King Z‐ARC's
power seemed limitless.
His cruelty knew no bounds.
(Duelist)
Z‐ARC, stand down!
Or we'll force
you to stand down!
Oh, yes, I would so love
for you humans to try!
(maniacal laughter)
Ahh!
(screaming)
(wind raging)
(screaming throughout)
This was all my fault,
all my doing.
Therefore it was my
responsibility to end it.
I had to put a stop to him.
Even if I had to pay
the ultimate price.
No!
I don't want
to hear any more!
Relax, Riley.
He's making this
whole fairytale up.
You're wrong!
Everything I've told
you is true!
(gasping)
I wish this was all
just a made‐up story, Declan.
But I saw it
with my own eyes.
I was willing to pay
with my life to stop Z‐ARC.
But little did I know that
I and the whole universe
would have to pay
an even steeper price!